(Baji breathing shakily)
Damn it.
(Baji breathing heavily)
(Baji exhales)
[Takemichi] Huh?
What is going on?
Why did Baji just
go down like that?
We're almost there.
We're just one step away
from defeating Kisaki.
(Chifuyu panting)
Baji, no!
Kisaki!
What the hell did you
do to Baji? (panting)
You saw everything.
I didn't do anything
to him at all.
Baji! (gasps)
(foreboding music)
You were stabbed?
But when?
(Takemichi gasps)
(pensive music)
It's just a scratch.
[Takemichi] Wait.
So that actually was a
serious injury, then?
Hurry up and call an ambulance!
[Toman Member] Uh, right!
Kazutora. (growls)
Kazutora!
But it's not, I mean,
it's not like I...
No, damn it.
No, it's not.
No, I, no, I just couldn't.
I, no, this, it...
No, it just can't.
-(singing in Japanese)
-(opening theme music)
[Takemichi] Crap!
This is just like Draken said.
If Baji does die, it'll
be just what Kisaki wants.
Kazutora's definitely
got some screws loose.
Huh?
Oh, I get it.
He must've brought
Baji into Valhalla
so that he could just
finish him off himself.
[Takemichi] What the hell is
he even talking about now?
That right, Commander?
Mikey.
Kisaki, that bastard!
He's trying to provoke Mikey.
No, Mikey, Kazutora didn't...
Come on, don't listen to Kisaki!
-I wanted to kill you.
-(Takemichi gasps)
Even back then.
As soon as you had
been let out of juvie,
I started thinking
about killing you.
It was my fault.
It wasn't...
And the one who always kept
talking me out of it was Baji.
He always said that
all you wanted to do
was to make me happy,
and that's why you
couldn't accept the blame,
even though you were the one
who had killed my brother.
In order for things
to make sense to you,
you had to make
me into the enemy.
-Isn't that right?
-(ominous music)
Mikey, no.
He should be super
pissed off right now,
but he's emotionless.
(crowd murmuring)
(Draken panting)
Mikey.
You know, Kenny,
this fight's already over.
Huh?
Whoa, whoa, whoa, hold up.
What do you mean,
the fight's over?
Where the hell do you
think we are, Mikey?
You must be crazy if you think
you get to decide
shit like that now!
-(Hanma laughs)
-Oh!
There, then. Now it's over.
(Hanma straining)
(Takemichi gasps)
(Hanma gasping)
Hanma?
-No way.
-This is some kinda trick.
[Valhalla Member] He took
out Hanma with one blow?
[Valhalla Member]
Dude, there's no way.
(crowd clamoring)
-Run!
-He'll kill us!
-Aw, hell, no!
-This wasn't the deal!
-(crowd clamoring)
-(intense music)
Betrayal is human
nature, I guess.
All right, then, Mikey.
Let's end this.
Either you're gonna die,
or I'm gonna die today-
(Kazutora shouts)
-(body thuds)
-(crowd gasps)
If all that's in your head is
destroying important things,
I'll destroy you right now.
(Kazutora groans)
-(Kazutora grunts)
-(grim music)
(Takemichi gasps)
-(blows thumping)
-(flesh squelching)
-(crowd murmuring)
-Mikey.
-(blows thumping)
-(flesh squelching)
Mikey's gonna kill the guy.
[Mitsuya] No one
can stop Mikey now.
(Takemichi exhales)
I wonder why I didn't
realize it at the time.
The heavy cross that he
carried with him all the time,
even though he was
just a 15-year-old kid.
[Takemichi] That's
where we're heading now,
right toward the future
I came here from.
On that day, Mikey
went after Kazutora.
And he killed him.
[Takemichi] Mikey.
-(blows thumping)
-(flesh squelching)
In the end,
I couldn't do a goddamn
thing to change anything!
-(crowd shouting)
-Hmm.
So Baji actually is
a traitor after all.
Hanma!
You little bastard!
The hell are you doing?!
-(Draken yelling)
-(crowd clamoring)
So what now?
Are you going to
abandon me, too, Baji?
-(tense music)
-(metal clanking softly)
(flesh squelches)
Yeah.
I don't, I don't understand.
I only wanted to do
something nice for Mikey.
It's not my fault.
This is Mikey's fault, isn't it?
So that's the answer.
I have to kill Mikey.
(exhales shakily)
Come on, now, don't
talk like that.
That's awful.
It doesn't matter what kind
of hell is waiting for us.
I'll be with you right
until the very end!
(gentle music)
[Kazutora] That's
how it always was.
Baji was always there for
me, no matter what happened.
I guess I did end up
destroying the thing
that was most important to me.
I'm sorry, Baji.
I'll be joining you soon.
(Baji straining)
(Chifuyu gasps)
[Baji] Mikey.
Baji. You're...
-(blows thumping)
-(flesh squelching)
(Baji breathing shakily)
Mikey!
(Baji hacking)
(Mikey exhales)
You got really mad,
all because of me.
Thanks for that.
Hey, stop moving
around so much, Baji.
(Baji breathing roughly)
Baji.
Wha?
Baji is still alive?
But...
Baji.
(Kisaki scoffs)
I won't
die.
(Kazutora gasps)
This is nowhere
enough to kill me.
There's no way.
That is definitely
a mortal wound.
Don't worry about it, Kazutora.
(knife snicks)
I swear that I won't
die at your hands!
(flesh squelches)
(suspenseful music)
(all gasp)
(Baji breathing raggedly)
-(body thuds)
-(Chifuyu gasping)
Baji! (panting)
But why, Baji?
Why would you...?
(Kazutora breathing heavily)
Mikey.
You're up next. (inhales)
The two of you can
go to hell together!
Shut up.
I'll punch you 'til you die.
Can't be...
No way.
Baji, no.
Why?
I don't get it.
I mean, why the hell
would you ever wanna
stab yourself, huh?
-Come here, Takemichi.
-(Takemichi gasps)
Come on.
Come closer.
(Baji breathing raggedly)
Kisaki is the enemy.
-(Takemichi gasps)
-(Takemichi whimpers)
After the fight with Moebius,
you know when Pah ended
up stabbing Osanai?
He asked Mikey to let him be
the 3rd Division's captain
in exchange for getting
Pah out of jail. (wheezes)
I saw it for myself.
He brought the deal to Mikey.
The 3rd Division's
captain isn't Kisaki.
Toman was created
by the six of us.
No matter what happens
from here on out,
the 3rd Division's captain
is Pah and only Pah.
-Baji, don't...
-(somber music)
[Baji] Pah,
Mitsuya,
Draken,
Mikey,
Kazutora.
All of them are
my true treasures.
(Takemichi crying softly)
I wanted to figure
something out.
But I guess I couldn't.
And so, I just died
by my own hand.
Now Mikey has no reason
to kill Kazutora.
(Baji wheezing)
Guess it's about time.
I'm starting to
hallucinate shit now.
Huh?
Takemichi.
You know, in some ways,
you're a lot like Shinichiro.
So Mikey and Toman, too,
I'm leaving them to you.
-(Takemichi weeping)
-(mournful music)
No, no way.
Baji.
No, don't say that kinda stuff!
You can't die.
(Baji chuckles)
[Baji] Chifuyu.
[Chifuyu] Yes, sir?
[Baji] I could sure go for
some Peyang yakisoba about now.
I'll go buy some.
Let's split it, 'kay?
(Chifuyu crying softly)
Thanks so much,
Chifuyu.
Baji? (breathing tearfully)
No way.
Baji, no!
-(Mikey grunts)
-(Kazutora shouts)
I'll kill you!
-(Mikey grunting)
-(Kazutora grunting)
I always knew that you
would never betray us.
Baji was out there,
fighting all on his own.
I knew it right from the start.
I knew it, but...
[Takemichi] Damn it!
I couldn't protect him!
I couldn't save him!
Damn it!
Damn it.
I couldn't do anything.
I'm an idiot.
I'm a useless good-for-nothing.
I'm sorry, Baji.
(Takemichi wailing)
[Baji] I'm leaving them to you.
(rueful music)
(Takemichi screams)
(Takemichi breathing heavily)
Move aside, or I'll
kill you as well.
Come on, let's stop this!
Mikey! (grunts)
This isn't... (panting)
This isn't what Baji would've
wanted to happen at all!
(Takemichi grunts)
Don't you dare think that
you get to speak for Baji.
(Takemichi panting)
I can't speak for Baji?
What are you even
talking about right now?
Baji is dead!
What's your deal?
Why don't you get that?
I mean, why the
hell do you think
that Baji risked his own
life like that, anyway?
For Toman, and for
the both of you!
Baji refused to let himself
be killed by Kazutora,
and instead he chose
to take his own life
because he didn't want Kazutora
to feel responsible
for his fate.
-(Kazutora gasps)
-(dramatic music)
Also, he did it
because he wanted you
to forgive Kazutora!
Because all he loved
all of you guys!
That's why he made
the choice he did.
Why the hell don't
you understand that?
Takemichi.
(Mitsuya exhales)
[Takemichi] Damn it.
Takemichi.
(Takemichi sniffles)
Where did you get this charm?
Tell me.
Well, I just picked it up
after our last gathering
over at the shrine.
What charm?
Wait, that's...
Baji held onto it
this whole time?
It's the charm from that day.
Baji.
(rousing music)
We're willing to give
you everything we've got.
Create this new
age for us, Mikey.
(closing theme music)
(singing in Japanese)